My Fair Lady
A gentleman is so arrogant
I haven't come to see people for so long
I think you have a new love again and forgot your old love
How come?
Blending into love is the apple of my eye
I'm just too busy these days
Busy always uses busy as an excuse
meat
Actually, I came here today to ask you to do me a favor
I knew you weren't here for anyone else
I promise you meat
When I'm done with this time
I don't go home every day
Live with you every day
Cut my milk
You just want General Gu to take my shop
Satisfied after dismantling
How come?
Tell me what you want me to do for you today.
Do you know Master Xu?
Master Xu
He is a regular visitor to the brothel
Then do you know who he's entertaining?
Who are you?
I remember this guy.
I wear very clean clothes every time I come.
But there's always a stench
Smells like a pigsty